Adds react native sign out guide (#1936)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-users-out/sign-out-of-okta/react-native/remotesignout.md

### Clear the Okta session

> Clear the browser session and clear the app session (stored tokens) in memory. Fires an event once a user successfully logs out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Next you should clear the browser session and app session (stored tokens) in memory. An event will fire once a user successfully logs out.
```

> > Note: This method apply for browser-sign-in scenario only. Use a combination of revokeToken (optional) and clearTokens methods to signOut when use custom-sign-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> Note: This method applies only to the browser sign-in scenario. Use a combination of `revokeToken` (optional) and `clearTokens` methods to sign out when using custom sign-in.
```

> browser-sign-in example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser-sign-in example:
```

### Clear the Okta session

Next you should clear the browser session and app session (stored tokens) in memory. An event will fire once a user successfully logs out.

> Note: This method applies only to the browser sign-in scenario. Use a combination of `revokeToken` (optional) and `clearTokens` methods to sign out when using custom sign-in.

> Browser-sign-in example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser sign-in example:
```

```javascript
import { signOut } from '@okta/okta-react-native';

signOut();
```

> custom-sign-in example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom-sign-in example:
```
